[Music]
hi I'm Miriam from BBC good food and I'm
going to be showing you our recipe for
perfect scrambled eggs first I leave my
eggs and some cream
and a pinch of salt give that all a
quick whisk just until it's one smooth
consistency and now I need to get the
heat on to let the pan warm up for a
minute before you add your butter you
just want the butter to melt
don't let it brown or burn otherwise
that will ruin the flavor of the
scrambled eggs and now in go the eggs
just let that sit for about 20 seconds
before you start moving it just lift it
from the bottom and fold it over let it
sit for a few more seconds and then fold
again
I've just turned the heat off because I
want the rest of the cooking to happen
off the heat and there we are
BBC good foods perfect scrambled eggs
you